yo yo yo what is going on guys is your
graphics gonna be bringing you another
black ops 2 live gameplay commentary
here today I am exhausted I was just
playing baseball for like 3 hours
straight with all my friends at the
baseball fields we're playing with
tennis balls though and these kids were
trying to start something with us but
for crazy thing actually a kid was a
bunch of people were driving by and a
kid yelled out of the window optic
scumpii and I was at the plate and I was
about to hit and I just turned and I was
like I was so shocked I was like what's
up like what the fuck and then they kept
driving and he never came to say
anything to me but I'm gonna join a game
up here real quick and this is my first
game since being back from Call of Duty
championship so I haven't played the
game I've been taking a break trying to
rest up I'm gonna really try and get a
lot of rest in tonight I need to get
like a good eight hours of sleep tonight
before I just completely you know run
out of steam because I'm just so tired
all the time it seems like whenever I
get back from these events let me see if
it's super crunch no it's not I'm gonna
that's why that's why it sounds really
loud I got my shit turned up to the
maximum but let's see it what we can do
so like I said this is my first game
back this is my first game not on land
so it's gonna be a really different like
really really different because on land
everything connects in the air not
everything connects obviously so it's
gonna be a little bit difficult but it
looks like we're off to a pretty decent
start you're getting that UAB real quick
where do you go oh shit you ran the
other way
oh holy shit dude I was just inside of
that dude sexually inside of that dude
we're gonna be oh they're gonna be
trying to kill me for Allosaurus Baggins
right now jump out challenge that sniper
that guy had no chance man yeah sniper I
was just like fuck it I'm gonna try and
bomb and get some easy
pick up that pre-kill right there oh
shit this kind of spawn in front of me
loot start oh my gosh they're still
smiling on me what the fuck is this
alright I'm gonna use this lodestar
hopefully they don't see me I'm not very
good with the lodestar so hopefully we
can do pretty decent with this one but
I'm usually not very good with it I'm
eating my words though let's go we on
that kill feed limp for days I got that
UAV back they're shooting me down
already car they shoot me down from
there maybe guys inside of the tree I
can't shoot him oh he's right there
that's a guy shoot me down let's go get
off of me baby I think there may be
swell I don't know where their spawn is
I spawn them back here alright Dan this
lodestar is fucking good
none of them were wearing flak jacket
either and that's the guy trying to
shoot me get through him let's go I
haven't used the lodestar I think they
they might have patched it let me know
if they patched in the in the feedback
because it in the comments section cuz
it really feels like they patched it
because the missiles aren't going as
fast like it's still really good don't
get me wrong but the missiles just
weren't shooting down as fast as they
usually seem to me all right I'm on a
pretty good pretty good run right now I
don't want to jinx it though and just
run out here and die so I'm gonna try
and stay alive where the heck is this
guy this guy over here somewhere I just
can't seem to find him whatever we'll
just keep moving on move on to the next
one here's that guy that's hiding from
my freakin lodestar for however long
oh my gosh thank I don't think I killed
him for a sec I was like what the heck I
got another load so our whole shit these
guys are about to be in a lot of pain I
better get taken out oh my god my shot
just went to shit my freaking my thumb
came off the thumbstick damn I see that
shit all the time and that'll I've never
I haven't done that in the wild but I
thought just completely got detached
from the thumb stick while I was
shooting there that's got bears now I
was having such a good game I'm gonna
post this shit anymore now it's got nobs
plan it's just still gone up for sure
but I just got basically turnt up you
know these kids are trying to shoot me
down and they're just they're killing
themselves
because of how frickin hard they're
trying to shoot me down I just keep
getting free kills all right let's try I
want to give this FAL another try oh
this isn't the same one though the same
one that African turned on with this is
the same one so we should be good that
that stock really messed me up what are
we fifty and one holy shit oh they got a
fucking UAV man and I don't have goats
cuz I'm still in the slow ass for speed
that sucks
and that hunter killers gonna come for
me I'm about to go from 50 to 100 I 253
in like a second holy crap they're all
behind me I'm standing and running I'm
just gonna keep selling them keep
selling them so they can't move oh my
gosh dude my son didn't hit him and then
he just ran that's so stupid
my son missed him I saw him on my radar
- I was like alright this guy's gonna be
coming right here I gotta I gotta slow
down and wait for him and I did that
and then I stunt in fucking it impede
whatever I can really do about that
except I with my hand I'm still having a
pretty average game right now I mean
this isn't my best anybody for anybody
right here and the PDW feels nice like I
said I haven't played since the since
the patch since I got home from call of
duty XP and the PDW feels really really
good almost like they might unnerve I
mean giving it a little bit of a buff
but how is this guy there's no is there
only one dude out here - it is holy shit
dude how many fucking people are there
why this morning there still I just got
killed by some bullshit man I didn't
think they were gonna keep spawning this
size no my thing all right I must die
down cried and probably clan confirmed
all right we got camping the camp Sarge
you got a lodestar now though give me
that assist I'll try to get this UAV
real quick cuz like none of these people
out there saw this guy this guy up here
got him oh my god my nose I may use this
maybe not wait for my teammates to use
it then I'm gonna use it see like these
guys keep spawning like right under me
it doesn't make sense that they're
spawning here I mean I understand maybe
if though it were pushed up somewhere
but they shouldn't all fucking spawning
there dude I'm like I'm like literally
standing right next to him but as you
can see I'm still I just saw something
to go take a shower like I just got back
from the baseball fields like I said I
need to get a shower stink like fucking
but right now scum pee smells
hashtag scum pee smells I just wanted to
get this live commentary out for you
guys for tomorrow so I hope that you
guys enjoyed this live commentary if you
did make sure you click the like button
if you really enjoyed it make sure you
favorite it comment let me know what you
thought of the video any constructive
criticism always helps me out and then
as always subscribe to this channel if
you haven't already and follow me on
Twitter it'll be in the description
below to keep up with my day-to-day
lifestyle and all that good stuff but as
always this was your boy optic scumpii
and peace